let's make a chocolate is very
easy that you can prepare at home very
simple
what are you going to need liquid cream for
mount
White
and also
the 100 grams until good as
we have said we boil the cream
Let's go stirring with a spoon
also from time to time while
heat while boiling let's cut it
the chocolate
I will use as I told you this one
what is dark chocolate what can you do
with white or with milk chocolate
good that you do not miss that you pass
neither with what grass is enough
let it boil a little bit and I will add
cinnamon which is totally optional a
teaspoon if you want less the truth
is that then in the end the taste with so much
cinnamon I did not like it too much so I
would remove a little
well, little by little, we are going to go
adding the chocolate to melt it already
putting out the fire and if you see necessary what
you understand a little you put it very
short so that the chocolate melts
inside
I put it at a very low temperature
in 3 more or less from 1 to 10
depending on how your plate is
induction plates and good goes from 1 to
well with the spoon
so what you have on hand is going to go
stirring well so that the
chocolate
add the best bit by bit so that the
cream absorb it
in the supermarkets they sell a chocolate
which is to make chocolate to the cup
desserts and so on, that's the one
you have to buy the normal tablets
that are to eat directly the
waves
to colate kitchen to call it that
good as you see left with a sauce
very thick chocolate
and now that I have it totally
melted I've passed it to a bowl
and I finish melting what are not left
lumps that are as fine as possible
now with the cream the cream already mounted
sweet of these pastry that serve
for desserts for example for
strawberries or the pies as we add
the amounts I remind you that the
you have in the link below
and we incorporate it has to absorb it
also and totally merge with the
chocolate let it cool a little
first in chilies when
totally hot
it does not have to be cold at all
but it is not too hot
and with the spatula today stirring
this takes a little while seems here fast
I put it to fast camera but the truth
is that I was a good time incorporating
cream
this is going to make me take the consistency
of mousse is that you see that it is a recipe
very very easy and very fast the mousse of
chocolate there are other recipes that are
very rich too but they are more
complicated to do this is a little thing
quick you can prepare in a moment
and now puts it well in about balls and
I'm going to put in the fridge
I put it well until it hardens up
that has a consistency and adur and is
minimum 2 hours are going to be and now I'm going to
quickly make the white chocolate
so you can see how the process is
exactly the same
I add the cream the yerba and I will cut
the white chocolate in this case
fastest lake
and founded the chocolate inside
at very low heat or off
these go likes in white chocolate
it is also very rich I like more the
of milk chocolate
Well, here I have my creampie
chocolate
tempera a little here in the bowl the
I let cool slightly before
add the cream as you see it has been
burned a little bit down you're careful
a mistake and good gets too much
the whipped cream we are incorporating the
and to the extent
ah
and here I have and as you see someone me
has stuck his finger before he read the
photo and we try them
let's see here I have the guys that
they're going to get from the sand camp to a
and I'm going to give you the mousse
chocolate
Daniela, you see her here, enchanted
They are some friends from campus
finish
we do not advance
Well, see how it is
do not shout that I can make them love
well he taught me to know how it is for
inside
Hello
very bad defrosting
Y
yes